implement ServerStatusDaemon (#2674)
Bears-R-Us/arkouda: README.md

   - [Connecting to Arkouda](#run-ak-connect)
5. [Logging](#log-ak)
6. [Type Checking in Arkouda](#typecheck-ak)

> 7. [Versioning](#versioning-ak)

Reviewer: I just want to check that we don't need the Environment Variables section any longer? It doesn't look like it, but want to make sure.

Author: @Ethan-DeBandi99 Yup, gotta be sure, and the ENVIRONMENT.md file has been gone for awhile

By default, each Arkouda locale utilizes all available memory and CPU cores on the host machine. However, it is possible to set per-locale limits for both memory as well as CPU cores. 

#### Per-Locale Memory Limits

There are three approaches to setting the max memory used by each Arkouda locale. Firstly, the built-in Chapel approach sets the max per-locale memory to an explicit number of bytes via the --memMax startup parameter. For example, to set the max memory utilized by each locale to 100 GB, the Arkouda startup command would include the following:

```
./arkouda_server --memMax=100000000000
```

> The Arkouda dynamic memory limit approach sets the per-locale memory limit based upon a configurable percentage of available memory on each locale host. Prior to the execution of each comand, the MemoryMgmt [localeMemAvailable](https://github.com/Bears-R-Us/arkouda/blob/e4a48c52eb00097e6e1dfa365cbc586e2e988a85/src/MemoryMgmt.chpl#L133) function does the following on each locale:

Author: @pierce314159 good catch, fixed!

> 1. Verifies if the projected, additional per-locale memory required by the incoming command exceeds the memory currently allocated to Arkouda. If the projected, additional memory is within the memory currently allocated to Arkouda on each locale, the command is allowed to proceed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Verifies the projected, additional per-locale memory required by the incoming command does not exceed the memory currently allocated to Arkouda. If the projected, additional memory is within the memory currently allocated to Arkouda on each locale, the command is allowed to proceed.
```

</details>

<a id="versioning-ak"></a>
## Versioning <sup><sup><sub><a href="#toc">toc</a></sub></sup></sup>
Beginning after tag `v2019.12.10` versioning is now performed using [Versioneer](https://github.com/python-versioneer/python-versioneer)
which determines the version based on the location in `git`.

> An example using a hypothetical tag 1.2.3.4

Author: @pierce314159 it appears to jack up the formatting of the README fille
